IBX-296: Provided new way to handle archived versions (#1416)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/config_repository.md

    The default value of 5 is the recommended value, but the less content you have overall,
    the more you can increase this to, for instance, 25 or even 50.

### Removing versions on publication

> `remove_archived_versions_on_publish` enables you to control whether versions that exceed the limit are deleted when you publish a new version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With `remove_archived_versions_on_publish` setting, you can control whether versions that exceed the limit are deleted when you publish a new version.
```

``` yaml
ezplatform:
    repositories:
        default:
            options:
                remove_archived_versions_on_publish: true
```

`remove_archived_versions_on_publish` is set to `true` by default.

> Set it to `false` if you have multiple older versions of content and need to avoid performance hits when publishing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set it to `false` if you have multiple older versions of content and need to avoid performance drops when publishing.
```

> When you set the value to `false`, you need to run [`ibexa:content:cleanup-versions`](#removing-old-versions) periodically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you set the value to `false`, you must run [`ibexa:content:cleanup-versions`](#removing-old-versions) periodically
```

> to make sure Content item versions that exceed the limit are removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to make sure that Content item versions that exceed the limit are removed.
```
